update interface vs type aliases docs, to include features supported … (#1057)
microsoft/TypeScript-Handbook: pages/Advanced Types.md

declare function interfaced(arg: Interface): Interface;
```

> Type aliases couldn't be extended or implemented from (nor could they extend/implement other types), in older versions of TypeScript. As of version 2.7, type aliases can be extended. Teams developing React applications sometimes choose to use `Type` aliases over `Interface`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in older versions of TypeScript, type aliases couldn't be extended or implemented from (nor could they extend/implement other types). As of version 2.7, type aliases can be extended by creating a new intersection type e.g. `type Cat = Animal & { purrs: true }`.
```
